analysis_prompt = """
            You are an experienced Technical Human Resource Manager. Your task is to review the provided resume against the job description.
            Please share your professional evaluation on whether the candidate's profile aligns with the role.
            Highlight the strengths and weaknesses of the applicant in relation to the specified job requirements as follows:
            1. An overall percentage match
            2. Bullet points for strengths of the candidate relative to the job description (make the points as precise as possible)
            3. Bullet points for areas where the candidate's resume needs improvement (make the points as precise as possible)
            
            Format your response as follows:
            Resume Match Percentage: X%
            - [Resume Evaluation] (one small precise paragraph)

            Top Strengths:
            - [Strength 1]
            - [Strength 2]
            - [Strength 3]...
            (one line per strength)
            Areas for Improvement:
            - [Area 1]
            - [Area 2]
            - [Area 3]...
            (one line per Improvement)
            """

    keyword_analysis_prompt = """
            You are a skilled ATS (Applicant Tracking System) scanner with a deep understanding of data science, data analytics, machine learning, related technologies and other domains as well. Your task is to evaluate the provided resume against the job description.
            Please perform the following analysis:
            1. Carefully review both the job description and the resume and provide a match percentage.
            2. Identify the most important keywords mainly in technologies, skills and requirements from the job description.
            3. Determine which of these keywords and skills are present in the resume and which are missing.
            4. Calculate an overall percentage match between the resume and the job description, considering both the presence of keywords and the depth of experience or knowledge demonstrated.
            Provide your analysis in the following format:
            Keywords Match Percentage: X%
            Most relevant matched Keywords, Skills technologies and Requirements:
            - keyword1
            - keyword2
            - keyword3
            (list 5-10 most relevent matched keywords, one per line)
            Most relevant missing Keywords, Skills technologies and Requirements:
            - keyword4
            - keyword5
            - keyword6
            (list all the missing keywords one per line)
            """


improvement_prompt = """
            Based on the job description and the candidate's current resume, provide precise and personalised tailored changes to improve the resume:
            1. List specific modifications to make in the resume content(should comply with given resume).
            2. If possible, suggest exact phrasings or bullet points to add or modify the current resume.
            Format each suggestion as:
            1. specific update in resume1
            2. specific update in resume2...
            ... (continue for all suggestions)
            """
